README.md, before:

Minimal Pairs Scraping Project
==============================

I am going to use forvo's api ($12 for six months, a little overpriced to use
once) in order to generate an anki deck of minimal pairs to be able to identify
French words.

The initial idea came from [fluent forever's minimal pairs anki
decks][0] (which I have not purchased). After I read [this incredibly
well-written][1] review of the product I decided it wasn't the right choice for
me.

Since I didn't want to spend the $12 on his deck, but I didn't want to
explore the concept, I found [this pretty good anki deck][2] for French
pronunciation. It has 349 notes, and is well put together, but I feel it's not
enough, specifically given this quote from that review I linked:

> Perhaps a better approach would have been to have only recorded people
> speaking their own language but to have a large enough pool of voices that it
> would be hard to recognise a particular voice. That would also help with the
> dialect problem because you could either have words pronounced in each major
> dialect or at least consistently hear the same dialect. I understand that
> having the extra speakers would have cost more but then much of the money
> raised was used for producing word lists, cartoons and free copies of the
> book, none of which contribute to the core purpose - improving pronunciation.

This is a brilliant idea, I thought, and it's a shame that Gabriel Wyner wasted
everyone's money on pretty pictures and word lists. But then I had a thought.

My Google Fu was feeling quite tingly, so I googled French minimal pairs and
found [this excellent linguistics Stack Exchange answer][3] which lead me to
[this blog post][4] where a brilliant man describes developing [this incredible
list][5] of every minimal pair in the French language. ([He also did it for
American English, Dutch, and Spanish if anyone is interested.][5]).

The problem with this, of course, is that (a) his list does not have audio like
I want it, and it's not even a machine readable format (it's html). Tant pis.
Instead of emailing him for it (which would be obnoxious), I figured I'd just
break out BeautifulSoup4 and parse it myself into 4 fields: 

[0]: https://fluent-forever.com/product/fluent-forever-pronunciation-trainer/
[1]: https://www.reddit.com/r/German/comments/2przo1/a_review_of_fluent_forever_foreign_language/
[2]: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/932662308
[3]: https://linguistics.stackexchange.com/a/11634
[4]: http://verbally.flimzy.com/list-of-french-minimal-pairs/
[5]: https://minimalpairs.net/en

Commit message:

Conclude first attempt with frustration

README.md, after:

Minimal Pairs Scraping Project
==============================

I am going to use forvo's api ($12 for six months, a little overpriced to use
once) in order to generate an anki deck of minimal pairs to be able to identify
French words.

The initial idea came from [fluent forever's minimal pairs anki
decks][0] (which I have not purchased). After I read [this incredibly
well-written][1] review of the product I decided it wasn't the right choice for
me.

Since I didn't want to spend the $12 on his deck, but I didn't want to
explore the concept, I found [this pretty good anki deck][2] for French
pronunciation. It has 349 notes, and is well put together, but I feel it's not
enough, specifically given this quote from that review I linked:

> Perhaps a better approach would have been to have only recorded people
> speaking their own language but to have a large enough pool of voices that it
> would be hard to recognise a particular voice. That would also help with the
> dialect problem because you could either have words pronounced in each major
> dialect or at least consistently hear the same dialect. I understand that
> having the extra speakers would have cost more but then much of the money
> raised was used for producing word lists, cartoons and free copies of the
> book, none of which contribute to the core purpose - improving pronunciation.

This is a brilliant idea, I thought, and it's a shame that Gabriel Wyner wasted
everyone's money on pretty pictures and word lists. But then I had a thought.

My Google Fu was feeling quite tingly, so I googled French minimal pairs and
found [this excellent linguistics Stack Exchange answer][3] which lead me to
[this blog post][4] where a brilliant man describes developing [this incredible
list][5] of every minimal pair in the French language. ([He also did it for
American English, Dutch, and Spanish if anyone is interested.][5]).

The problem with this, of course, is that (a) his list does not have audio like
I want it, and it's not even a machine readable format (it's html). Tant pis.
Instead of emailing him for it (which would be obnoxious), I figured I'd just
break out BeautifulSoup4 and parse it myself into 4 fields: 

1. The 1st word
2. The 1st word's IPA
3. The 2nd word
4. The 2nd word's IPA

This went off without a hitch.

The next step is to get all of the audio files. They are conveniently labelled
with esoteric id names, which will help in identifying them when I convert them
into anki, but for $12 (at six months) I have a 500 requests per day rate limit.
What's worse is that each audio file's time to be downloaded is limited to two
hours (they're one time links, I guess). And, finally, each audio file download
also counts toward my requests. There are 3792 pairs, which is 7584 words, and
for any word there may be 4-5 pronunciations. If we average at 3 that's 22,752
downloads, which does not include the requests to get the files (which will
require 7,584 requests), which ends up being 30,336 requests. That will take me
2 months to download.

I'm going to restart, and create a list of only the minimal pairs I care about
(since I know the difference between n and m).

It's starting to feel like I would have been better off just scraping like a
jerk than buying the api.


[0]: https://fluent-forever.com/product/fluent-forever-pronunciation-trainer/
[1]: https://www.reddit.com/r/German/comments/2przo1/a_review_of_fluent_forever_foreign_language/
[2]: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/932662308
[3]: https://linguistics.stackexchange.com/a/11634
[4]: http://verbally.flimzy.com/list-of-french-minimal-pairs/
[5]: https://minimalpairs.net/en
